docs: update sensor and vehicle model documentation (#454)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/how-to-guides/integrating-autoware/creating-vehicle-and-sensor-description/creating-vehicle-description.md

> # Creating vehicle description

Reviewer: This title doesn't cover all of the content. This page includes vehicle_description and vehicle_launch packages.

```suggestion
# Creating vehicle model for Autoware
```

        origin_frame_id: "map"
        vehicle_model_type: "DELAY_STEER_ACC_GEARED" # options: IDEAL_STEER_VEL / IDEAL_STEER_ACC / IDEAL_STEER_ACC_GEARED / DELAY_STEER_ACC / DELAY_STEER_ACC_GEARED
        initialize_source: "INITIAL_POSE_TOPIC" #  options: ORIGIN / INITIAL_POSE_TOPIC
        timer_sampling_time_ms: 25
        add_measurement_noise: False # the Gaussian noise is added to the simulated results
        vel_lim: 50.0 # limit of velocity
        vel_rate_lim: 7.0 # limit of acceleration
        steer_lim: 1.0 # limit of steering angle
        steer_rate_lim: 5.0 # limit of steering angle change rate
        acc_time_delay: 0.1 # dead time for the acceleration input
        acc_time_constant: 0.1 # time constant of the 1st-order acceleration dynamics
        steer_time_delay: 0.24 # dead time for the steering input
        steer_time_constant: 0.27 # time constant of the 1st-order steering dynamics
        x_stddev: 0.0001 # x standard deviation for dummy covariance in map coordinate
        y_stddev: 0.0001 # y standard deviation for dummy covariance in map coordinate
    ```

### 3. vehicle_info.param.yaml

> Defines the vehicle dimensions. For more details on each parameter, please click [here](https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware-documentation/main/design/autoware-interfaces/components/vehicle-dimensions/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines the vehicle dimensions. For more details on each parameter, please look at [vehicle dimensions](https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware-documentation/main/design/autoware-interfaces/components/vehicle-dimensions/) page.
```

The 3D model of Lexus vehicle prepared for sample_vehicle_launch is [here](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/sample_vehicle_launch/tree/main/sample_vehicle_description/mesh).

### 5. vehicle.xacro

`vehicle.xacro` is a macro file that defines the vehicle model.

The original [vehicle.xacro](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/sample_vehicle_launch/blob/main/sample_vehicle_description/urdf/vehicle.xacro) file for sample_vehicle_launch is given below:

??? note "vehicle.xacro for sample_vehicle_launch"

    ```yaml
    <?xml version="1.0"?>
    <robot xmlns:xacro="http://ros.org/wiki/xacro">
      <!-- load parameter -->
      <xacro:property name="vehicle_info" value="${xacro.load_yaml('$(find sample_vehicle_description)/config/vehicle_info.param.yaml')}"/>

      <!-- vehicle body -->
      <link name="base_link">
        <visual>
          <origin xyz="${vehicle_info['/**']['ros__parameters']['wheel_base']/2.0} 0 0" rpy="${pi/2.0} 0 ${pi}"/>
          <geometry>
            <mesh filename="package://sample_vehicle_description/mesh/lexus.dae" scale="1 1 1"/>
          </geometry>
        </visual>
      </link>
    </robot>
    ```

> 

Reviewer: This section need to be more detailed. Where is our tutorial_vehicle .fbx model? Where is the directory which I put .fbx file on? What I need to change vehicle.xacro for my own vehicle? This part need to be more detailed.

## 2. VEHICLE-ID_vehicle_launch

`vehicle_interface.launch.xml` is the launch file related to the drive system. Please modify it according
to the configuration of your vehicle's drive system.

### Folder Structure

The folder structure of forked `VEHICLE-ID_vehicle_launch` should be like this:

```diff
VEHICLE-ID_vehicle_launch/
   └─ launch/
         └─ vehicle_interface.launch.xml
```

If you are operating multiple vehicles, use the vehicle_id to switch to the corresponding configuration for each vehicle.

The default file is [vehicle_interface.launch.xml](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/sample_vehicle_launch/blob/main/sample_vehicle_launch/launch/vehicle_interface.launch.xml) for sample_vehicle_launch is given below:

```yaml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<launch>
<arg name="vehicle_id" default="$(env VEHICLE_ID default)"/>
</launch>

> ```

Reviewer: Maybe we can add suggestion for user, they can add their own vehicle_interface launch here.

included in [tutorial_vehicle_launch](https://github.com/leo-drive/tutorial_vehicle_launch/tree/main) and given below.

??? note "vehicle_info.param.yaml for tutorial_vehicle_launch"

    ```yaml
    /**:
      ros__parameters:
        wheel_radius: 0.27855 # The radius of the wheel, primarily used for dead reckoning.
        wheel_width: 0.155 # The lateral width of a wheel tire, primarily used for dead reckoning.
        wheel_base: 1.60 # between front wheel center and rear wheel center
        wheel_tread: 0.959 # between left wheel center and right wheel center
        front_overhang: 0.245 # between front wheel center and vehicle front
        rear_overhang: 0.245 # between rear wheel center and vehicle rear
        left_overhang: 0.075 # between left wheel center and vehicle left
        right_overhang: 0.075 # between right wheel center and vehicle right
        vehicle_height: 2.
        max_steer_angle: 0.70 # [rad]
    ```

### 4. vehicle.fbx

`vehicle.fbx` is a 3D model file used for visualization in RVIZ.
You must add the fbx or dae file of your own vehicle.

> The file [lexus.dae](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/sample_vehicle_launch/tree/main/sample_vehicle_description/mesh) lexus vehicle for sample_vehicle_launch is given below.

Reviewer: This sentence is wrong, could you check it? What is given below?

### 5. vehicle.xacro

`vehicle.xacro` is a macro file that defines the vehicle model.

The original [vehicle.xacro](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/sample_vehicle_launch/blob/main/sample_vehicle_description/urdf/vehicle.xacro) file for sample_vehicle_launch is given below.

??? note "vehicle.xacro for sample_vehicle_launch"

    ```yaml
    <?xml version="1.0"?>
    <robot xmlns:xacro="http://ros.org/wiki/xacro">
      <!-- load parameter -->
      <xacro:property name="vehicle_info" value="${xacro.load_yaml('$(find sample_vehicle_description)/config/vehicle_info.param.yaml')}"/>

      <!-- vehicle body -->
      <link name="base_link">
        <visual>
          <origin xyz="${vehicle_info['/**']['ros__parameters']['wheel_base']/2.0} 0 0" rpy="${pi/2.0} 0 ${pi}"/>
          <geometry>
            <mesh filename="package://sample_vehicle_description/mesh/lexus.dae" scale="1 1 1"/>
          </geometry>
        </visual>
      </link>
    </robot>
    ```

## 2. VEHICLE-ID_vehicle_launch

`vehicle_interface.launch.xml` is the launch file related to the drive system. Please modify it according
to the configuration of your vehicle's drive system.

### Folder Structure

> The folder structure of forked `VEHICLE-ID_vehicle_launch` repository should be like this:

Reviewer: This is not repository as well
